can you touch your toes can you put your
palms on the ground can you hug your
legs well if you answer no I got some
stretches for you come this way
literally all you need is a wall check
this out all you do is lay down and
stick your legs up in the air and you
straighten your legs it's okay only go
as far as you can feel the stretch so if
you have to start out here or even out
here or maybe
here who knows where you have to start
probably somewhere right here but
instead of getting closer to the wall
focus on bringing your tailbone down to
the floor almost by arching your low
back but keep your ribs down try that
and also after 30 seconds of this 30
seconds of this then 30 seconds of this
and if you can why not do a full
split wait you can't do a full split
next video